The price of this batch of medical equipment from Dean Zhang
It was decided.
I would also like to thank Miss Zuo for treating our hospital
Such a favorable price
Your hospital
Dare before the patient's family has signed the consent
We operate on the patient.
At that time, the situation was so critical, which could have cared so much
We are also for your good.
Isn't this the left yin?
Why are you here?
Miss Zuo, his son is seriously ill and is undergoing surgery inside
Your little bastard isn't dead yet
Left-handed, you can't talk, I don't mind teaching you
Never open your mouth
How dare you hit me?
Hit you how
You are uneducated
Smelly mouth like a cesspool
By the way, when did you earn that 400,000?
Your miss this is
Dean Zhang, this
It's the unmarried pregnant woman in our left house a few years ago
And a wild man gave birth to a wild son
Left house size
Miss Zuo, you dare to hit too
Patient's family
I'm sorry the surgery was too difficult and failed
Go and see your child one last time
The hospital will compare with you later.
In the city
Probably a wild species
So the surgery failed
God doesn't want him to live
This is how your hospital treats a life
Isn't this a place to save lives?
The life of the wild species is exchanged for compensation
You really made a profit
It just so happens that you can get this compensation.
No matter how well you raise your health children
Make another one.
hanging
Keep your mouth clean
Open your mouth and close your mouth wild species
What is a little three-born you?
At least you don't have the wife you are marrying to corroborate it.
You are a junior
How dare you jump up and down here
I didn't want to care about the past
But I told you
If you mess with me again
I will make you pay
What right do you have to say that I am bereaved?
Dean Zhang
Just compensate him tens of thousands.
I see what he can do with us
Several layers of people like him can't take it even if they don't pay
How is our hospital?